acronym,initialism
adapter,adaptor
adrenalin,adrenaline
agenda,agendum
airplane,aeroplane
aluminum,aluminium
analog,analogue
analyze,analyse
analyzes,analyses
analyzing,analysing
anchor,newsreader
anemia,anaemia
anesthesia,anaesthesia
anesthesiologist,anaesthetist
anesthetic,anaesthetic
annex,annexe
anonymized,anonymised
antennas,antennae
antialiased,anti-aliased
antialiasing,anti-aliasing
anymore,any more
apologize,apologise
appall,appal
archeology,archaeology
armor,armour
ass,arse
artifact,artefact
authorization,authorisation
authorize,authorise
authorized,authorised
authorizing,authorising
automobile,motorcar
ax,axe
backward,backwards
balk,baulk
barnyard,farmyard
basicly,basically
bathroom,toilet
beet,beetroot
behavior,behaviour
behoove,behove
binder clip,bulldog clip
bobsled,bobsleigh
boogey,bogey
brace,curly bracket
braces,curly brackets
braked,broke
broil,grill
buddy,mate
bullhorn,megaphone
burned,burnt
bum,homeless person
caliber,calibre
canceled,cancelled
canceling,cancelling
candy,sweet
candy bar,chocolate bar
canned,tinned
capitalization,capitalisation
capitalize,capitalise
capitalizing,capitalising
carburetor,carburettor
cart,trolley
case insensitive,case-insensitive
case sensitive,case-sensitive
caster,castor
catalog,catalogue
categorization,categorisation
categorize,categorise
categorizing,categorising
chapstick,lip balm
centimeter,centimetre
center,centre
centered,centred
centering,centring
centralization,centralisation
centralize,centralise
centralizing,centralising
cesium,caesium
chips,crisps
cipher,cypher
color,colour
colors,colours
colorkey,colour-key
colorspace,colour-space
congress,parliament
congressman,Member of Parliament
cookie,biscuit
cooperate,co-operate
coordinate,co-ordinate
corn,maize
cornsilk,maize silk
cotton candy,candy floss
counterclockwise,anti-clockwise
coveralls,overalls
cozy,cosy
curb,kerb
curriculums,curricula
customizable,customisable
customization,customisation
customize,customise
customizing,customising
dealed,dealt
defense,defence
dialed,dialled
dialer,dialler
dialing,dialling
diaper,nappy
diarrhea,diarrhoea
digitization,digitisation
digitize,digitise
digitizing,digitising
dishrag,dish cloth
dishtowel,tea towel
disk,disc
disorganized,disorganised
distill,distil
donut,doughnut
downspout,drainpipe
downward,downwards
Dr.,Dr
draft,draught
dreamed,dreamt
drugstore,pharmacy
drugstore,chemist
dumpster,skip
eastward,eastwards
eggplant,aubergine
encyclopedia,encyclopaedia
endeavor,endeavour
England,Britain
English,British
English,Imperial
enology,oenology
equaled,equalled
equaling,equalling
equalize,equalise
equalizing,equalising
esophagus,oesophagus
esthetics,aesthetics
estrogen,oestrogen
expressway,motorway
fall,autumn
familiarization,familiarisation
familiarize,familiarise
familiarizing,familiarising
fanny,buttocks
fanny pack,bum bag
faucet,tap
favor,favour
favorite,favourite
favorites,favourites
favorited,favourited
fetus,foetus
fiber,fibre
filet,fillet
fill out,fill in
flashlight,torch
flatware,cutlery
flavor,flavour
forever,for ever
formulas,formulae
forums,fora
forward,forwards
fourth,quarter
freeway,motorway
french fries,hot chips
freshman,fresher
fries,chips
fueled,fuelled
fueling,fuelling
furor,furore
garbage,rubbish
gas,petrol
gasoline,petrol
globalization,globalisation
globalize,globalise
globalizing,globalising
globaly,globally
glycerin,glycerine
gray,grey
guerilla,guerrilla
gynecology,gynaecology
hanged,hung
harbor,harbour
hemophilia,haemophilia
hauler,haulier
hobo,homeless person
homeopathic,homoeopathic
homeopathy,homoeopathy
honor,honour
hood,bonnet
humor,humour
infeasible,unfeasible
initialization,initialisation
initialize,initialise
initializing,initialising
inquire,enquire
inquiry,enquiry
internet,Internet
internationalization,internationalisation
internationalize,internationalise
internationalized,internationalised
internationalizing,internationalising
jail,gaol
jelly,jam
jeweled,jewelled
jeweler,jeweller
journaling,journalling
judgment,judgement
kilometer,kilometre
kiwi,kiwifruit
kneeled,knelt
labeled,labelled
labeler,labeller
labeling,labelling
labor,labour
ladybug,ladybird
last name,surname
leaned,leant
leaped,lept
learned,learnt
leukemia,leukaemia
license,licence
license plate,number plate
licorice,liquorice
lighted,lit
liter,litre
localization,localisation
localize,localise
localizing,localising
mailbox,letterbox
mailman,postman
mail slot,letterbox
math,maths
maximize,maximise
medieval,mediaeval
meter,metre
micrometer,micrometre
milliliter,millilitre
millimeter,millimetre
minimize,minimise
minimizing,minimising
misspelled,misspelt
modeled,modelled
modeler,modeller
modeling,modelling
mold,mould
molt,moult
mom,mum
momma,mumma
mommy,mummy
mom-and-pop,mum-and-dad
movies,cinema
movie,film
mustache,moustache
nanometer,nanometre
neighbor,neighbour
neuron,neurone
newsdealer,newsagent
normalcy,normality
normalization,normalisation
normalize,normalise
normalizing,normalising
northward,northwards
offense,offence
onward,onwards
optimization,optimisation
optimize,optimise
optimized,optimised
optimizing,optimising
organization,organisation
organize,organise
organized,organised
organizing,organising
ornery,irritable
orthopedic,orthopeadic
ouster,ousting
pacifier,dummy
pajamas,pyjamas
paneled,panelled
paneling,panelling
pants,trousers
pantyhose,tights
paren,bracket
parenthesis,bracket
parentheses,brackets
parking lot,car park
pediatric,paediatric
period,full stop
period,full-stop
persnickety,pernickety
personalized,personalised
picometer,picometre
plow,plough
pop,dad
popsicle,ice lolly
porch,veranda
pound sign,hash
practice,practise
prioritization,prioritisation
prioritize,prioritise
prioritizing,prioritising
program,programme
proved,proven
pry,prise
quint,quin
railroad,railway
randomization,randomisation
randomize,randomise
randomizing,randomising
rappel,abseil
realator,real estate agent
realization,realisation
realize,realise
realizing,realising
recognizable,recognisable
recognize,recognise
recognized,recognised
recognizing,recognising
reinitialize,reinitialise
reinitializing,reinitialising
route,round
row house,terraced house
rumor,rumour
saber,sabre
sanitarium,sanatorium
Santa Claus,Father Christmas
scalawag,scallywag
scepter,sceptre
schedule,timetable
serialization,serialisation
serialize,serialise
serializing,serialising
shivaree,charivari
sidewalk,pavement
signaled,signalled
signaling,signalling
simultanous,simultaneous
skeptic,sceptic
sled,sleigh
sneakers,trainers
snicker,snigger
soap box,podium
soccer,football
soda,soft drink
solitaire,patience
southward,southwards
specialization,specialisation
specialize,specialise
specializing,specialising
specialty,speciality
spelled,spelt
specter,spectre
spider,spyder
spilled,spilt
spiraled,spiralled
spiraling,spiralling
spoiled,spoilt
standardize,standardise
stickshift,gear stick
story,storey
stories,storeys
streetcar,tram
stroller,pram
sulfur,sulphur
summarization,summarisation
summarize,summarise
summarizes,summarises
summarizing,summarising
sweater,jumper
symbolization,symbolisation
symbolize,symbolise
symbolizing,symbolising
synchronization,synchronisation
synchronize,synchronise
synchronizing,synchronising
synthesize,synthesise
taffy,toffee
tailpipe,exhaust pipe
taliban,taleban
teleprompter,autocue
templatization,templatisation
templatize,templatise
templatizing,templatising
theatre,theater
thumbtack,drawing pin
tic-tac-toe,noughts and crosses
tidbit,titbit
tire,tyre
totaled,totalled
totaler,totaller
totaling,totalling
trackless trolley,trolleybus
transportation,transport
trapezium,trapezoid
trapezoid,trapezium
trash,rubbish
truck,lorry
trunk,boot
turnpike,toll road
turtleneck,polo neck
tuxedo,dinner jacket
uncategorize,uncategorise
uncategorized,uncategorised
undershirt,singlet
unauthorized,unauthorised
uninitialization,uninitialisation
uninitialize,uninitialise
uninitializing,uninitialising
unorgaize,unorganise
unrecognizable,unrecognisable
unrecognized,unrecognised
upcoming,forthcoming
upscale,upmarket
upward,upwards
useable,usable
utilization,utilisation
utilize,utilise
utilizing,utilising
vacation,holiday
vacationer,holidaymaker
vapor,vapour
vectorization,vectorisation
vectorize,vectorise
vectorizing,vectorising
virtualization,virtualisation
virtualize,virtualise
virtualizing,virtualising
vise,vice
visualization,visualisation
visualize,visualise
visualizing,visualising
vs.,vs
vs,vs
westward,westwards
windshield,windscreen
yogurt,yoghurt
zee,zed
ZIP code,postcode
zucchini,courgette
